smoke or they like like smoke control
raised up by how ways up raised hell
with the flavor generalize the jam like
troops and Pakistan twinging through
your dad like your labor let's follow
man so all chick turkey chicken when i
get to flipping office
welcome back to youtube viewers this is
freddy jaws reviews for you coming back
to you what another sneaker review today
we've got the anfernee hardaway fives
crimson colorway came to me today via
fedex and we're going to do a small
review for you right now later on i'm
doing close-up 360 of you without me
doing all the talking and let's go
through the shoot well we can start off
with the front this is the toe box here
we've got a synthetic nubuck material
around behind is a mesh vinyl material
with those design streaks behind the
mesh all the way around the sticker goes
that new buff synthetic move up they
call it you've got a flat black foam
creating a waves here on the side flat
black foam then with a shiny black under
it in the midsole along with that you
see the hints of the blue I see bottom
on the side on the lateral view this
with the crimson color way this behind a
mesh almost looks like flames to me I
really like the way it looks the very
bright orange very very bright orange
the laces are orange on top of a
mushroom material the tongue is but up
here it's a splack suede with the penny
logo you know if you guys can see that
really good I hope I'm doing it right
the heel we got some more of that
synthetic move off with the penny logo
real nice on the inside we got I doubt
you guys could see it but it's a memphis
state says penny v the whole soul is
orange the bottom of the other one does
not safe i says ballin is what i was
born
to do sign by penny hardaway not sure if
you guys can see in there but let's get
to the bottom bottom we've been seeing
this a lot lately the blue icee soul
black traction pods along with the penny
logo down at the bottom an orange and
white the orange is a bright orange
almost OSHA orange speaking of OSHA I'd
like to send a shout out to all my local
three brothers and sisters wouldn't be
able to do this if I wasn't a local to
remember so I'm on furlough right now so
what do I got to do but make videos so
be it that this is the sneaker all
around give you a nice view on the side
oh my favorite part i forgot to say the
am bubble matches the shiny black but
it's see-through it's a tinted smoky
color really really hard to see through
but if you look really hard he can
otherwise very nice sneaker I can't they
sure to go with it drjays says pennies
no lophis step the Nike logo on the
sleeve to the tags and on the back very
nice big penny logo definitely matching
the kicks real nice never I had that
I've been searching for so hopefully I
can find that get your real windy out
here guys so let me finish yourself
thanks for watching the video hope you
guys like the sneak is hope you guys
like the video of the channel feel free
to rate comment subscribe down below let
me know by anything you want to see
in the near future again Freddy jaws
reviews for you hey yo let's get papers
and pop motorhomes up in skyscrapers in
condominiums overlooking I broke a New
York City want the only way to play it's
gritty I want chatter sweet confront a
bit of a fitting my own committee like
the pub pals are no jiggy who aren't
touch this my semi leave your chats list
and ain't shit that you can say to me
will you be breathless young brother
Dundee shit that you all do it together
with that bullshit you blabber